what's up everyone this is puga bringing
you news about a huge tournament that is
coming up next week and that is the
first major major unsanctioned
tournament we've had in pokemon TCG
history and what's it going to be it's
going to be the clothes in ski open from
august 31st to September first so it's a
two-day then it's gonna be next week is
just gonna be a huge tournament hosted
by three-time world champion Jason
Kaczynski and as you can see there we're
gonna have a live stream from us the top
cut we're gonna be streaming every round
of the tournament and even the top eight
through the finals will be projected
onto a big screen so that everyone in
attendance can watch I believe at least
the finals will be projected shooting
for the top eight we'll see though um
there's a ton of prizes you just want to
take a look here are the trophies there
are two separate events there's a main
event and then a 14 and under event 14
and under players are allowed to play in
the main event if they wish to compete
for the bigger prizes but there is that
lower division just because you know
we're kind of used to that um so that
big trophy on the left is what you can
win in the main event you will also win
an entire case of plasma blast the
newest set so that is a huge prize also
you're going to take home one of those
15th anniversary Pikachu boxes you can
see that stuff kind of in the middle
there and that trophy on the bottom
signifies that you will get an
invitation to next year's top cut
Invitational playing with players like
Jason Kaczynski like sucio shimano like
all those legends and just historical
players you can join them in next year's
top cut invitational if you win this
event so there's a lot on the line and
this is really just a huge tournament
and we're hoping that a lot of people
will show up now if you can't make it if
you're not in the area it is in Tinley
Park Illinois it's about 30 minutes away
from Chicago Illinois so if you're in
driving distance I would definitely
encourage you to come down to this event
it's going to be an awesome time there's
going to be a lot of people showing up
it will be fun and it'll be really the
first time we get to see plasma blast
cards in an official tournament setting
it should be really cool and also I mean
there's a lot stuff on the line so I
definitely come by if you can if you
can't we will be streaming on Saturday
and Sunday it'll probably start around
ten a.m. somewhere around there we'll
post for sure on our Facebook and
Twitter pages and probably here on
YouTube as well so please follow our
twitch TV page if you aren't already to
see when we go live that's in our
description of the video so check that
out but I can't stress how important
this event really is alright this is the
first step towards getting some sort of
independent tournament circuit in the
pokemon TCG magic other card games they
have these independent tournament
circuits which are just as big if not
bigger than the official tournaments
themselves for example Star City games
in magic runs their own tournament
circuit all the time and it is such a
huge deal and imagine if we could have
that for pokemon as well this is the
first step to doing that and big big
props to Jason Kaczynski for being the
one to kind of step out go out on his
own to run this tournament first I have
to say and it took a lot of guts to do
this and we're hoping that it turns out
really well the tournament format is
actually going to be pretty similar to
what the the actual pokemon season is
shifting to this season and that's going
to be best two out of three for swiss
but it will be seventy five minute
rounds and we're going to run a lot of
swiss rounds and then we're going to cut
to the top eight that's it alright so
instead of doing a huge top cut like we
do normally in Pokemon events it's going
to be a more and more Swiss round and
they're going to be best two out of
three so we're going to try this out and
see if it works or not alright so again
if you guys are in the area please come
by this is going to be a huge event and
it should be awesome and you know events
like this won't happen again unless this
one succeeds so we really need all the
people we can get
to show up all right again there's a lot
of rides on the line invitation to the
Top Gun Invitational it's kind of a
priceless prize and again it should be a
lot of fun we already have a lot of
people confirmed such as other top cup
members like Michael parmalat been
Potter Andrew Holton are expected to be
there so that's all I got free right now
guys I just wanted to make an
announcement about this huge tournament
I probably should have made this
announcement sooner this has been out
there for a while but if you guys can
make it on this short notice it would be
awesome so hope to see you there close
in ski open august 31st in tinley park
the description for the event and if you
want to buy a ticket will be down in the
description for this video so check that
out all right hi I'm poker from the top
cut I hope you guys enjoy all of our
videos and please tune into the stream
if you won't be there or looking to make
this a big event see you next time